Now that we did add encryption during transportation,
let's talk about encryption at rest.
What is that?
Well encryption at rest simply means that the data we store, so the data which is stored on our mongodb
server in a file, that this of course might also be encrypted,
so all the documents we have in there
and there we can encrypt two different things.
We can encrypt the overall storage, so the files themselves
and this is a feature which is built into mongodb for enterprise.
There you can easily enable it and you'll find instructions on how to enable it
in the last lecture of this module. The thing you as a developer can and should always do is that you
encrypt at least certain values in your code,
so for example if you're storing a user password, you should hash that password and not store the plain
text and that is a good pattern for any sensible data,
you could even go so far to do it for all data, so that you always have a way of encrypting that.
So you can encrypt and hash both your data as well as the overall file to have the most security possible.
Again the file encryption is built into mongodb for enterprise and can be found in a separate
article, that hashing of a password is something you'll see in the from shell to
driver module of this course.